Add notes about the branding system setting (#623)
harvester/docs: docs/advanced/settings.md

**Default value**: **Harvester**

> :::caution
> 
> This setting is part of the `settings.management.cattle.io` custom resource.
> Because of that you can't configure this setting, including `Logo`, `Favicon`, `Primary Color` and `Link Color`, using a [Harvester configuration](../install/harvester-configuration.md#system_settings) file.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info important

Because this setting is part of the `settings.management.cattle.io` custom resource, you cannot configure any of the supported options (for example, `Logo` and `Primary Color` using a [Harvester configuration](../install/harvester-configuration.md#system_settings) file.

:::
```
